DOC-1864-Added-3.9.2-1ReleaseNotes (#321)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/release-notes/pages/index.adoc

== Fixed issues

=== Fixed and Improved in 3.9.2-1

==== Crashes and Deadlocks
* Fixed GPE crash caused by aborted query still being used by running thread.
* Fixed crash issue after RESTPP auth refresh.
* Fixed GSE crash due to check failure when refreshing leader info after 60 minute timeout.

> * Fixed GPE crash and non-recovery due to Kafka and GPE offset when related nodes were deleted.

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed GPE crash and non-recovery due to Kafka and GPE offset when adjacent vertices were deleted.
```

== Fixed issues

=== Fixed and Improved in 3.9.2-1

==== Crashes and Deadlocks

> * Fixed a GPE crash caused by aborted query still being used by running thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed GPE crash caused by aborted query still being used by running thread.
```

* Fixed crash issue after RESTPP auth refresh.

> * Fixed GSE crash due to the check failure when refreshing leader info after 60 minute timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed GSE crash due to check failure when refreshing leader info after 60 minute timeout.
```

> * Fixed GPE crash and non-recovery due to Kafka retention to a higher offset.

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed GPE crash and non-recovery due to Kafka and GPE offset comparison misread after GPE delta topic on related nodes were deleted.
```

> * Fixed GPE crash and non-recovery due to Kafka retention to a higher offset.

Reviewer: Please check the word "retention"

Author: After relooking at the issue, I think I found a way to get the fix across. I believe your instincts were correct about the word "retention". I change it too....

* Fixed GPE crash and non-recovery due to Kafka and GPE offset comparison misread after GPE delta topic on related nodes were deleted.

...I think this is more accurate, I also think the use case is small, so I wanted to be clear when this error would have happened before the update. Its a little more "wordy" but I think the message is clearer.

What is your advice here @victorleeTG?

Reviewer: Why was the delta topic deleted in some of nodes in the cluster? Is that a normal thing (e.g., it always gets deleted eventually) or is it unusual? "offset comparison misread" seems excessive. 

Don't overstress about this.  It should be correct-ish and concise.

Author: To simplify it I made it like this:

* Fixed GPE crash and non-recovery due to Kafka and GPE offset when related nodes were deleted.

...honestly not entirely sure what a "delta topic" is in Kafka.

Author: "related nodes" was changed to "adjacent vertices" as per our discussion. Thank you.

> * Fixed GPE crash and non-recovery due to Kafka and GPE offset comparison misread after GPE delta topic on related nodes were deleted.

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed GPE crash and non-recovery due to Kafka and GPE offset when related nodes were deleted.
```

==== Functionality

> * Fixed data inconsistency while loading data and post-processing operations

Reviewer: Can we investigate the scenario in hopes of narrowing down "post-processing" to a more limited scenario?

Author: Asked a question to the ticket assignee on slack and added you for visibility. Hoping to get an answer by tomorrow.

Author: I made some changes to this and is reflected in the changes based on the conversation with the engineer. Resolving this conversation but there is a note on a new one.

> * Fixed data inconsistency while loading data and post-processing operations

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed data inconsistency when GSE consumed deletion requests from Kafka on update of `committed_next_id_map`
```

> via write queries when running `data_consitency_check` with GPE and GSE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
via write queries when running `data_consistency_check` with GPE and GSE.
```

> via write queries when running `data_consistency_check` with GPE and GSE.

Author: ```suggestion

```

I suggest we delete this line @victorleeTG . What do you think? I think it is redundant.

> * Fixed command fail when user with only graph scope privilege runs a command that only requires graph scope privilege.

Reviewer: Because graph scope privilege is common, this sounds like a pretty typical case. I'd want to take a closer look at the problem to make sure we are describing it correctly.

Author: I asked the reporter of the ticket a question here: https://graphsql.atlassian.net/browse/GLE-5642 will update when there is a response.

Author: I changed the one to something closer to what we had discussed over slack...

*Fixed `GRAPH` scope command failure due to missing privilege check in v3.9.2.

> * Fixed command fail when user with only graph scope privilege runs a command that only requires graph scope privilege.

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed `GRAPH` scope command failure due to missing privilege check in v3.9.2. 
```

Author: @victorleeTG Based on my conversation with Micheal. What do you think of this update?

> * Fixed failed to compile query when using edge variables in DML-sub delete statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed failure to compile query when using edge variables in DML-sub delete statement.
```

> * Fixed `subtypeid` error message inconsistency for GPR and interpret mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed `subtypeid` error message inconsistency.
```
